Visual Editor - Update docs to warn against client-side apps (#1168)
growthbook/growthbook: docs/docs/app/visual.mdx

In March, 2023 we released version 2.0 of our Visual Editor with many improvements.

:::note

> Visual editor features may not work optimally on client-side rendered apps (e.g., React.js, Vue.js). Consider using our [Feature Flags](/app/features) feature for smoother integration. Contact support for further assistance.

Reviewer: I think our overuse of the word `feature` is making this a little confusing.  Also, I'd probably put the full support email address as well.

```suggestion
The Visual Editor may not work optimally on client-side rendered apps (e.g. React.js, Vue.js). Consider using [Feature Flags](/app/features) instead for smoother integration. Contact support@growthbook.io if you have any questions.
```
